doc: Crypto samples doc (#4779)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/crypto/hmac/README.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The HMAC sample shows how to perform HMAC signing and verification operations using the SHA-256 hashing algorithm.

Reviewer: Inconsistency. SHA-256 is a mehanism used by HMAC

"shows how to perform a signing and verification operation using the HMAC algorithm"

Reviewer 2: Are you sure about that? I have seen many variants of the HMAC referenced, like HMAC-MD5, HMAC-SHA1 etc.

Reviewer: This probably could be an additional line of text for instance: 

"The HMAC algorithm in this sample is using SHA-256"

> The HMAC sample shows how to perform HMAC signing and verification operations using the SHA-256 hashing algorithm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The HMAC sample shows how to generate a message authentication code using the HMAC algorithm and verifying it. The HMAC algorithm in this sample is using SHA-256.
```

Overview
********

The sample follows these steps:

1. First, the sample initializes the Platform Security Architecture (PSA) API.

#. Then, it signs and verifies a sample plaintext:

>    a. A random HMAC key is generated and imported into the PSA crypto keystore.

Reviewer: random HMAC key => A randomly generated secret key.

>    a. A random HMAC key is generated and imported into the PSA crypto keystore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   a. A  secret key is generated and imported into the PSA crypto keystore.
```

   #. HMAC signing is performed.
   #. HMAC verification is performed.

#. Afterwards, it performs cleanup:

>    a. The HMAC key is removed from the PSA crypto keystore.

Reviewer: The secret key

>    a. The HMAC key is removed from the PSA crypto keystore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   a. The secret key is removed from the PSA crypto keystore.
```
